type	description
adrenal	Adrenal cancer originates in the adrenal glands, which produce hormones regulating various bodily functions. Symptoms may include abdominal pain, weight loss, and hormonal imbalances. Treatment often involves surgery, chemotherapy, and radiation therapy.
blood	Blood cancer, including leukemia, lymphoma, and myeloma, affects the production and function of blood cells. Symptoms may include fatigue, bruising, and recurrent infections. Treatment varies depending on the specific type and may involve chemotherapy, stem cell transplantation, or targeted therapy.
brain	Brain cancer arises from abnormal growths of cells in the brain or its surrounding tissues. Symptoms may include headaches, seizures, and cognitive changes. Treatment typically involves surgery, radiation therapy, and chemotherapy, aiming to remove or shrink the tumor.
breast	Breast cancer forms in the cells of the breast tissue and may manifest as a lump or abnormal mammogram. Symptoms can include breast changes, nipple discharge, or skin dimpling. Treatment options include surgery, chemotherapy, hormonal therapy, and targeted therapy.
colon	Colon cancer develops in the colon or rectum and often starts as benign polyps. Symptoms may include changes in bowel habits, abdominal pain, and rectal bleeding. Treatment involves surgery to remove the tumor, followed by chemotherapy or radiation therapy if necessary.
esophageal	Esophageal cancer occurs in the esophagus, the tube connecting the throat to the stomach. Symptoms may include difficulty swallowing, chest pain, and unintentional weight loss. Treatment may involve surgery, chemotherapy, radiation therapy, or a combination of these approaches.
liver	Liver cancer originates in the liver cells and may result from chronic liver disease or infection with hepatitis B or C viruses. Symptoms may include abdominal pain, jaundice, and unexplained weight loss. Treatment options include surgery, ablation therapy, chemotherapy, or liver transplantation.
lung	Lung cancer starts in the lungs and is often associated with smoking or exposure to environmental toxins. Symptoms may include persistent cough, chest pain, and shortness of breath. Treatment depends on the type and stage of cancer and may include surgery, radiation therapy, chemotherapy, or immunotherapy.
ovarian	Ovarian cancer affects the ovaries and is often diagnosed at an advanced stage due to nonspecific symptoms. Symptoms may include abdominal bloating, pelvic pain, and changes in urinary habits. Treatment involves surgery, chemotherapy, and targeted therapy.
pancreatic	Pancreatic cancer develops in the pancreas and is often diagnosed at an advanced stage, making it challenging to treat. Symptoms may include abdominal pain, jaundice, and unexplained weight loss. Treatment options include surgery, chemotherapy, radiation therapy, and targeted therapy.
prostate	Prostate cancer occurs in the prostate gland and is one of the most common cancers in men. Symptoms may include urinary problems, erectile dysfunction, and blood in the urine. Treatment depends on the stage and aggressiveness of the cancer and may include surgery, radiation therapy, hormone therapy, or active surveillance.